ASHWORTH LANE SOLICITORS
7 Market Street, Fenbridge

Wakefield & Croft LLP
For the attention of Eleanor Wakefield

Our ref: AL/PEM/2209
Your ref: MAT-2026-014

19 August 2026

Dear Sirs

Our client: Mr Graham Pemberton, 12 Orchard Lane, Fenbridge
Your clients: Mr and Mrs Hartley, 14 Orchard Lane, Fenbridge

We act for Mr Pemberton in connection with the boundary between 12 and 14 Orchard Lane. We write in response to your letter of 4 August 2026.

1. Your clients complain that the close-boarded fence erected by our client in June 2026 stands on their land. We do not accept this. Our client replaced a decayed wooden fence that had stood in the same position for many years. The new fence was erected along the line of the old one.

2. In any event, our client asserts that he and his predecessor have owned and occupied the strip of land on our client's side of the fence for well over fourteen years. Our client's predecessor, Mrs Dorothy Ellis, enclosed the strip with the original fence in the spring of 2011, and the strip has been used as part of the garden of number 12 ever since. Our client bought number 12 from Mrs Ellis in 2019 and took over the strip directly from her.

3. Our client's position is therefore that, even if the strip once formed part of number 14, title to it has been acquired by adverse possession, the combined periods of occupation of our client and Mrs Ellis amounting to more than fourteen years.

4. Our client is not aware of any objection ever having been made to the position of the fence before your letter of 4 August 2026.

5. We note your suggestion that the strip is approximately 40 centimetres wide at its widest point, at the rear of the gardens. Our client does not accept that figure but agrees that the dispute concerns a narrow strip.

6. Our client is willing to consider mediation, but only once your clients have withdrawn their demand that the fence be removed.

We look forward to hearing from you within 21 days.

Yours faithfully

Ashworth Lane Solicitors
